you jakesully I'd like to talk to you
about a fresh start on a new world you'd
be making a difference
[Music]
I became a marine for the hardship I
told myself I can pass any test American
past
it was a single thing worth fighting for
ladies and gentlemen
or not in Kansas anymore you're on
Pandora
you should see your faces we have an
indigenous population called the nabhi
they are very hard to kill this is why
we're here because this little gray rock
sells for 20 million a kilo their
village happens to be resting on the
richest deposit and they need to
relocate those savages are threatening
our whole operation or on the brink of
war and you're supposed to be finding a
diplomatic solution the concept is to
drive these remotely controlled bodies
called avatars they groan from human DNA
mixed with DNA of the natives Marine did
inhabit our body
I suppose we mix you get me what I need
I'll see to it you get your legs bent
your real legs oh yes it looks like you
this is your avatar
relax and let your mind go blank
shouldn't be heard for you
Jake it's real simple
I want you to learn from the inside I
want you to gain their trust
you cannot be here
[Music]
whoo this is your fault I need your help
outstanding
haven't gotten lost in the woods have it
you forget what team you're playing for
strong prey for the weak nobody doesn't
say you've got one hour
we knew this would happen pretty changed
Jake it's crazy here for riches ruler
there's no stopping him
we're going up against gunships whose
bows and arrows well I guess we better
stop here
they've sent us a message that they can
take whatever they want but we will send
them a message
[Music]
fishers are left